# FIDO Authenticator Metadata Statement

A FIDO Authenticator Metadata statement is a JSON document that contains information
(characteristics and capabilities) about a specific FIDO authenticator.

The FIDO Alliance operates the FIDO Metadata Service, which provides a method for relying parties
to obtain FIDO Metadata statements in a way that provides a chain of trust and makes it possible
to validate attestation signatures generated by a particular authenticator.
Relying parties can use the authenticator metadata to make policy decisions about authenticators.

The authenticator metadata statement is also required by the FIDO Conformance Tools testing app
when performing the authenticator tests (CTAP 2.1 or CTAP 2.0).


## LionKey Authenticator Metadata Statement

Here is the metadata statement of LionKey:

[lionkey-statement.json](./lionkey-statement.json)


## Relevant Specs

* [FIDO Metadata Statement 3.0]
  * This spec defines the format of and information contained in _Authenticator Metadata_ statements.
  * The metadata describes FIDO authenticator form factors, characteristics, and capabilities.
  * The metadata is used can be used by relying parties to make policy decisions about authenticators.

* [FIDO Metadata Service 3.0]
  * This spec defines a baseline method for relying parties to obtain FIDO Metadata statements.


<!-- links references -->

[FIDO Metadata Statement 3.0]: https://fidoalliance.org/specs/mds/fido-metadata-statement-v3.0-ps-20210518.html

[FIDO Metadata Service 3.0]: https://fidoalliance.org/specs/mds/fido-metadata-service-v3.0-ps-20210518.html

